[player]
default_player_rank: true
power: 1
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: false
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: false
ftbutilities.homes.max: 10
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: false
ftbutilities.back.warmup: false
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: false
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: false
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: false 
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: false
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: false 
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: false
ftbutilities.back.infinite: true
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.respawn: true
ftbutilities.back.rtp: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warp: true
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 36
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 12
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&b[Member] {name}&r>

[admin]
default_op_rank: true
power: 100
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 9999
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 9999
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2[Admin] {name}&r>
